A robot needs to make decisions based on
the data from various sensors and its own internal state.
These decisions can be as simple as answering yes or no question.
Like is the target object present on the table?
Or the decisions can be extremely
complex like deciding how to navigate an unknown environment.
In practice however, the decision-making process in robotics can require answering
many questions to decide on one course of
action from among potentially infinite possibilities.
Along the way, sophisticated techniques might be used.
For example, special tools can extract information
from images or compensate for a measurement error.
A robot needs to using
motion planning algorithm to decide how to get from one place to another.
Then, using a control algorithm to stay on track.
In this program, we'll cover
decision-making techniques to give your robots the best brains possible.